<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
     <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <title>Interactivities</title> 
    <script type="text/javascript" src="script/horstmann_all_min.js"></script> 
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="css/horstmann_all_min.css"></link>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="assets/receiveMessage.js"></script> 
  <style type='text/css'>
     ol.interactivities > li {
       list-style: none;
       margin-bottom: 2em;
     }
     body {
       margin-left: 2em;
       margin-right: 2em;
       overflow-y: visible;
     }
     mark {
        font-weight: bold;
     }
    </style>
  </head> 
  <body>
   <ol class='interactivities' id='interactivities'>
<li title='01A-hll-et' id='01A-hll-et'><div class='hc-included'>
<div>
  <p>Which high-level languages are described here?
  </p> 
  <div class='horstmann_exampletable'>
    <table>
      <tr>
        <th>Description</th> 
        <th>Language</th> 
        <th>Explanation</th>
      </tr> 
      <tr>
        <td>Designed for scientists and engineers</td> 
        <td>FORTRAN</td> 
        <td>Developed by John Backus at IBM in 1955.</td>
      </tr> 
      <tr>
        <td>Designed for accountants and business programs.</td> 
        <td>COBOL</td> 
        <td>Developed in 1958 by a consortium including the DOD.</td>
      </tr> 
      <tr>
        <td>The original AI language.</td> 
        <td>LISP</td> 
        <td>Developed by John McCarthy at MIT/Stanford in 1958.</td>
      </tr> 
      <tr>
        <td>Designed to teach structured programming.</td> 
        <td>Pascal</td> 
        <td>Developed by Nicholas Wirth in 1972.</td>
      </tr> 
      <tr>
        <td>Designed to make it easy to start programming.</td> 
        <td>BASIC</td> 
        <td>Developed by Kemeny &amp; Kurtz at Dartmouth in 1964.</td>
      </tr> 
      <tr>
        <td>The first language to use objects and classes.</td>
        <td>Simula</td> 
        <td>Developed in 1960 in Norway by Dahl and Nygaard.</td>
      </tr> 
      <tr>
        <td><code>string h = "furnace";</code></td> 
        <td><code>furnace</code></td> 
        <td>You can create a string using <b>legacy</b> initialization, just like Java.</td>
      </tr> 
      <tr>
        <td>The first general-purpose high-level programming language.</td> 
        <td>Algol</td> 
        <td>Developed in 1960 by a committee of computer scientists.</td>
      </tr> 
      <tr>
        <td>A language which supports both object-oriented and imperative programming.</td> 
        <td>C++</td> 
        <td>First developed in 1982 by Bjarne Stroustrup</td>
      </tr> 
    </table> 
    <script type='text/javascript'>//<![CDATA[
				horstmann_exampletable.setup.push([])
   //]]> </script> 
  </div> 
</div>
</div></li>
</ol>
  <div class='vstreport'></div>
</body></html>
