<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
     <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <title>Interactivities</title> 
    <script type="text/javascript" src="script/horstmann_all_min.js"></script> 
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="css/horstmann_all_min.css"></link>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="assets/receiveMessage.js"></script> 
  <style type='text/css'>
     ol.interactivities > li {
       list-style: none;
       margin-bottom: 2em;
     }
     body {
       margin-left: 2em;
       margin-right: 2em;
       overflow-y: visible;
     }
    </style>
  </head> 
  <body>
   <ol class='interactivities' id='interactivities'>
<li title='01a-cpp-characteristics-tf' id='01a-cpp-characteristics-tf'><div class='hc-included'>
<div>
<p>Which of these statements applies to C++?</p>
  <ol class='horstmann_ma'>
    <li class='correct'>It compiles to native machine code.
        <div class='explanation'>It produces native executables.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li>Compiles to intermediate bytecode.
        <div class='explanation'>While the compiler may use bytecode or assembly
         language during compilation, the final result is machine or native code.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li>C++ programs are interpreted by a virtual machine (the CPPVM) when they run.
        <div class='explanation'>Java programs work this way. C++ programs do not.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li class='correct'>C++ programs run directly on your CPU.
        <div class='explanation'>There is no intermediate supervisor program.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li class='correct'>C++ programs are generally more efficient than Java or Python programs.
        <div class='explanation'>Yes, because they don't require a supervising VM.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li>C++ is strictly a low-level language
        <div class='explanation'>C++ is a multi-paradigm langauge that has support for both
         low-level features (like pointers), and high-level features like classes. In general,
         it is considered a HLL (high-level langauge).
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li>Has features which automatically catch programming errors, like array out-of-bounds access
        <div class='explanation'>
         The C++ language generally lacks such saftey features. It is up to you, the programmer,
         to supply them.
        </div>
    </li>
    
  </ol> 
</div>
</div></li>
</ol>
  <div class='vstreport'></div>
</body></html>
