<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
     <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <title>Interactivities</title> 
    <script type="text/javascript" src="script/horstmann_all_min.js"></script> 
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="css/horstmann_all_min.css"></link>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="assets/receiveMessage.js"></script> 
  <style type='text/css'>
     ol.interactivities > li {
       list-style: none;
       margin-bottom: 2em;
     }
     body {
       margin-left: 2em;
       margin-right: 2em;
       overflow-y: visible;
     }
    </style>
  </head> 
  <body>
   <ol class='interactivities' id='interactivities'>
<li title='05a-implementation-file-tf' id='05a-implementation-file-tf'><div class='hc-included'>
<div>
<p>What is true about an <b>implementation</b> (.cpp) file?</p>
  <ol class='horstmann_ma'>
    <li>It consists of function prototypes.
        <div class='explanation'>The prototypes go in the <b>interface</b> file.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li>It should always be surrounded by <code>#ifndef...#endif</code> header guards.
        <div class='explanation'>You should <mark>never</mark> have header guards in an implementation file.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li class='correct'>You may define your functions here.
        <div class='explanation'>Functions are defined in an implementation file.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li class='correct'>It may include a <code>using namespace</code> directive.
        <div class='explanation'>This is fine in an implementation file.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li class='correct'>You may include headers from the standard library.
        <div class='explanation'>This is required if you use a library type in your implementation.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li class='correct'>You may define global variables.
        <div class='explanation'>Variables may be defined in an implementation.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li>You must preface each type name used from the standard library with <code>std::</code>
        <div class='explanation'>
            You <mark>may</mark> do that if you like. If you have a <code>using namespace</code>
            directive in your file, then you do not need to.
        </div>
    </li>
    
    <li class='correct'><code>string f() { return "hello"; }</code> could appear.
        <div class='explanation'>
            This is a function definition which is legal. You do not need to
            qualify the <code>string</code> type.
        </div>
    </li>
  </ol> 
</div>
</div></li>
</ol>
  <div class='vstreport'></div>
</body></html>
