<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
     <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <title>Interactivities</title> 
    <script type="text/javascript" src="script/horstmann_all_min.js"></script> 
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="css/horstmann_all_min.css"></link>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="assets/receiveMessage.js"></script> 
  <style type='text/css'>
     ol.interactivities > li {
       list-style: none;
       margin-bottom: 2em;
     }
     body {
       margin-left: 2em;
       margin-right: 2em;
       overflow-y: visible;
     }
    </style>
  </head> 
  <body>
   <ol class='interactivities' id='interactivities'>
<li title='05a-interface-file-tf' id='05a-interface-file-tf'><div class='hc-included'>
<div>
<p>Which of these statements are true about an <b>interface</b> (header) file?</p>
  <ol class='horstmann_ma'>
    <li class='correct'>It may include function prototypes.
        <div class='explanation'>A prototype is a <b>declaration</b> which is allowed.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li class='correct'>It should always be surrounded by <code>#ifndef...#endif</code> header guards.
        <div class='explanation'>This ensures that a header file is only included once when you compile.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li>You may define functions in a header file.
        <div class='explanation'>Functions may be <b>declared</b> but <mark>not</mark> defined.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li>It may include a <code>using namespace</code> directive
        <div class='explanation'>You <mark>may not</mark> use namespace directives in header files.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li class='correct'>You may include headers from the standard library.
        <div class='explanation'>This is required if you use a library type in a prototype.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li>You may define global variables.
        <div class='explanation'>Variables may not be defined in a header file.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li class='correct'>You may define global constants.
        <div class='explanation'>
            Although variable definitions are prohibited, constant definitions are permitted.
        </div>
    </li>
    <li>You must preface each type name used in your prototypes with <code>std::</code>
        <div class='explanation'>
            Only library types are in the standard namespace. Primitive types are not.
        </div>
    </li>
    
    <li><code>string f();</code> could appear in a header file.
        <div class='explanation'>
            Library types must be <mark>fully qualified</mark> You would need to
            write <code>std::string f();</code> in a header file.
        </div>
    </li>
  </ol> 
</div>
</div></li>
</ol>
  <div class='vstreport'></div>
</body></html>
