<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
     <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <title>Interactivities</title> 
    <script type="text/javascript" src="script/horstmann_all_min.js"></script> 
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="css/horstmann_all_min.css"></link>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="assets/receiveMessage.js"></script> 
  <style type='text/css'>
     ol.interactivities > li {
       list-style: none;
       margin-bottom: 2em;
     }
     body {
       margin-left: 2em;
       margin-right: 2em;
       overflow-y: visible;
     }
    </style>
  </head> 
  <body>
   <ol class='interactivities' id='interactivities'>
<li title='5f-byval-by-ref-et' id='5f-byval-by-ref-et'><div class='hc-included'>
<div>
  <p>
   Examine the following program. Then supply the requested information. 
   Use the following terms: block, file, static, automatic, dynamic, 
   internal, external, none, stack, heap.
  </p>
<pre>int a{42};
static int b{35};
void func(int c)
{
   int d = c;
   static int e{15};
   int * f = new int(3);
}
</pre>
  <div class='horstmann_exampletable'>
    <table>
      <tr>
        <th>Requested Information</th> 
        <th>Answer</th> 
        <th>Explanation</th> 
      </tr> 
      <tr>
        <td>Scope of the variable <code>a</code></td> 
        <td>file</td> 
        <td>Visible from point of declaration to end of file.</td> 
      </tr> 
      <tr>
        <td>Scope of parameter <code>c</code>
        </td> 
        <td>block</td> 
        <td>It is only visible in the body of the function.</td> 
      </tr> 
      <tr>
        <td>Storage class for varible <code>a</code>
        </td> 
        <td>static</td> 
        <td>Stored when program loads.</td> 
      </tr> 
      <tr>
        <td>Storage class for varible <code>d</code>
        </td> 
        <td>automatic</td> 
        <td>Local variables are stored on the stack.</td> 
      </tr> 
      <tr>
        <td>Storage class for varible pointed to by <code>f</code>
        </td> 
        <td>dynamic</td> 
        <td>Variables created with <code>new</code> are stored on the heap.</td> 
      </tr> 
      <tr>
        <td>Linkage of the varible <code>b</code>.
        </td> 
        <td>internal</td> 
        <td>Static global variables can only be used in the file they are defined in.</td> 
      </tr> 
      <tr>
        <td>Linkage of the varible <code>e</code>.
        </td> 
        <td>none</td> 
        <td>Static local variables can only be used in the function they are defined in.</td> 
      </tr> 
      <tr>
        <td>Where is the varaible <code>f</code> stored.
        </td> 
        <td>stack</td> 
        <td>While <code>f</code> points to a variable on the heap, 
         <code>f</code> itself is stored on the stack.</td> 
      </tr> 
      <tr>
        <td>Linkage of the function <code>func</code>.
        </td> 
        <td>external</td> 
        <td>Unless marked <code>static</code> functions all have external linkage.</td> 
      </tr> 
    </table>
    <script type='text/javascript'>//<![CDATA[
				horstmann_exampletable.setup.push([])
   //]]>
    </script> 
  </div> 
</div>
</div></li>
</ol>
  <div class='vstreport'></div>
</body></html>
