<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
     <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <title>Interactivities</title> 
    <script type="text/javascript" src="script/horstmann_all_min.js"></script> 
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="css/horstmann_all_min.css"></link>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="assets/receiveMessage.js"></script> 
  <style type='text/css'>
     ol.interactivities > li {
       list-style: none;
       margin-bottom: 2em;
     }
     body {
       margin-left: 2em;
       margin-right: 2em;
       overflow-y: visible;
     }
    </style>
  </head> 
  <body>
   <ol class='interactivities' id='interactivities'>
<li title='13f-member-functions-od-2' id='13f-member-functions-od-2'><div class='hc-included'>
<div><p>It is a common beginner&#8217;s error to add types to assignment statements, thereby 
   changing them into local variable declarations. Consider this example from a 
   <code>CashRegister</code> user-defined type which has the data members 
   <code>totalPrice</code> and <code>payment</code>:</p>
  <pre>double CashRegister::giveChange()
{
   double change = payment - totalPrice; <span class='hc-circled-number'>➊ ➋</span>
   double totalPrice = 0; <span class='hc-circled-number'>➌ ➍</span> // <span class="hc-comment">ERROR! This declares a local variable.</span>
   double payment = 0; <span class='hc-circled-number'>➎ ➏</span> // <span class="hc-comment">ERROR! The data member is not updated.</span>
   return change;
} <span class='hc-circled-number'>➐</span>
</pre>
<p>Trace through the function with the object shown and observe that the local variables are set to zero. Then they are removed when the function exits. The state of the <code>CashRegister</code> object is not changed.</p>
<div class='horstmann_objectdiagram'><script type='text/javascript'>//<![CDATA[
(function()
{
  var obj = [1, 0, 'CashRegister', 'totalPrice', 15, 'payment', 20]
  var change = [0, 1, 'change', '']
  var totalPrice = [0, 2, 'totalPrice', '']
  var payment = [0, 3, 'payment', '']
  horstmann_objectdiagram.setup.push({
    show: [obj],
    instructions: [
      { add: change, description: 'The local variable <code>change</code> of the <code>giveChange</code> function is created.' },
      { set: change, value: 5, description: 'Initialize the local variable <code>change</code>.' },
      { add: totalPrice, description: 'A local variable called <code>totalPrice</code> is created.' },
      { set: totalPrice, value: 0, description: 'Initialize the local variable <code>totalPrice</code>.' },
      { add: payment, description: 'A local variable called <code>payment</code> is created.' },
      { set: payment, value: 0, description: 'Initialize the local variable <code>payment</code>.' },
      { remove: [change, totalPrice, payment], description: 'Remove all three local variables.'},

]})})() 
   //]]>
    </script>
  </div> 
</div>
</div></li>
</ol>
  <div class='vstreport'></div>
</body></html>
