<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
     <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <title>Interactivities</title> 
    <script type="text/javascript" src="script/horstmann_all_min.js"></script> 
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="css/horstmann_all_min.css"></link>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="assets/receiveMessage.js"></script> 
  <style type='text/css'>
     ol.interactivities > li {
       list-style: none;
       margin-bottom: 2em;
     }
     body {
       margin-left: 2em;
       margin-right: 2em;
       overflow-y: visible;
     }
    </style>
  </head> 
  <body>
   <ol class='interactivities' id='interactivities'>
<li title='ebook-bc-3-ch10-sec03-exampletable-1' id='ebook-bc-3-ch10-sec03-exampletable-1'><div class='hc-included'>
<div><p>Consider the following classes:</p>
<pre>class Question
{
public:
   virtual void display() const;
   virtual bool checkAnswer(const string&amp; response) const;
   virtual void setAnswer(const string&amp; answer);
   . . .
};

class NumericQuestion : public Question
{
public:
   void display() const;
   bool checkAnswer(const string&amp; response) const;
   void setAnswer(double answer);
   ...
};
void NumericQuestion::display() const
{
   Question::display();
   cout &lt;&lt; "Enter a number." &lt;&lt; endl;
}
bool NumericQuestion::checkAnswer(const string&amp; response) const
{
   double value = stod(response);
   return abs(value - expected) &lt; 1E-12; // true if close enough
}
void NumericQuestion::setAnswer(double answer)
{
   m_answer = answer;
}
</pre>
  <p>In the following table, specify which <code>NumericQuestion</code> functions</p>
  <ul><li>extend a base class function (e) by overriding and calling it.</li>
    <li>replace a base class function (r) by overriding without calling it.</li>
    <li>inherit a base class function (i) without overriding it.</li>
    <li>define a new function (n) that is not present in the base class.</li>
  </ul>
  <div class='horstmann_exampletable'>
  <table><tr><th><code>NumericQuestion</code> Function</th>
        <th>extend (e), replace (r), inherit (i), new (n)</th>
        <th>Explanation</th>
      </tr>
      <tr><td><code>setText</code></td>
        <td>inherit</td>
        <td>This function is not defined in the derived class. The <code>setText</code> function of the <code>Question</code> base class is inherited.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr><td><code>display</code></td>
        <td>extend</td>
        <td>This function overrides the <code>display</code> function of the base class, and it extends it. First, the base class function is called, and then something else happens.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr><td><code>checkAnswer</code></td>
        <td>replace</td>
        <td>This function overrides the <code>checkAnswer</code> function of the base class, and it does not call the base class function. It completely replaces it.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr><td><code>setAnswer</code></td>
        <td>new</td>
        <td>Look carefully at the parameter types. The <code>setAnswer</code> function of the base class has a <code>string</code> parameter. This function has a <code>double</code> parameter. Therefore, this <code>setAnswer</code> function is a new function that was not present in the base class.</td>
      </tr>
    </table>

      <script type='text/javascript'>//<![CDATA[
horstmann_exampletable.setup.push([
/[i_i](nherit)?/,
/[e_e](xtend)?/,
/[r_r](eplace)?/,
/[n_n](ew)?/
])
//]]>
      </script>
  </div>
</div>
</div></li>
</ol>
  <div class='vstreport'></div>
</body></html>
