<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
     <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <title>Interactivities</title> 
    <script type="text/javascript" src="script/horstmann_all_min.js"></script> 
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="css/horstmann_all_min.css"></link>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="assets/receiveMessage.js"></script> 
  <style type='text/css'>
     ol.interactivities > li {
       list-style: none;
       margin-bottom: 2em;
     }
     body {
       margin-left: 2em;
       margin-right: 2em;
       overflow-y: visible;
     }
    </style>
  </head> 
  <body>
   <ol class='interactivities' id='interactivities'>
<li title='15f-specification-ma-2' id='15f-specification-ma-2'><div class='hc-included'>
<div>
  <p>In <b>specification inheritance</b>:</p>
  <ol class='horstmann_ma'>
    <li class='correct'>The interface is inherited <div class='explanation'>The derived classes inherit the method signatures.</div> </li> 
    <li>The derived class inherits the base class implementation of the member functions. <div class='explanation'>That is specialization inheritance.</div> </li> 
    <li class='correct'>All derived concrete classes must override all pure-virtual base-class functions. <div class='explanation'>Although you cannot create instances of abstract classes, you may create pointers to them.</div> </li> 
    <li>Allows a concrete class to decide whether to override a method. <div class='explanation'>Specification requires concrete classes override all abstract members.</div> </li> 
    <li class='correct'>May be combined with specialization inheritance. <div class='explanation'>An ABC may have both virtual and pure-virtual member functions.</div> </li> 
    <li class='correct'>A derived class which does not override all pure-virtual functions is also abstract. <div class='explanation'>A derived class may override some abstract methods and leave it to its derived classes to override the others.</div> </li> 
    
  </ol> 
</div>
</div></li>
</ol>
  <div class='vstreport'></div>
</body></html>
