<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
     <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <title>Interactivities</title> 
    <script type="text/javascript" src="script/horstmann_all_min.js"></script> 
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="css/horstmann_all_min.css"></link>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="assets/receiveMessage.js"></script> 
  <style type='text/css'>
     ol.interactivities > li {
       list-style: none;
       margin-bottom: 2em;
     }
     body {
       margin-left: 2em;
       margin-right: 2em;
       overflow-y: visible;
     }
    </style>
  </head> 
  <body>
   <ol class='interactivities' id='interactivities'>
<li title='5f-dataflow-tf' id='5f-dataflow-tf'><div class='hc-included'>
<div>
  <p>Which of these statements are true?</p> 
  <ol class='horstmann_ma'>
    <li>You should <b>always</b> use pass-by-value for class or library types
        <div class='explanation'><mark>Never</mark> use pass-by-value for these types.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li class='correct'>Input-output parameters whould be passed by reference</li> 
    <li>Input parameters of type <code>string</code> should be passed by reference
        <div class='explanation'>
            <code>string</code> <mark>input</mark> parameters should be passed by const reference.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li class='correct'>Output parameters of any type should be passed by reference.</li> 
    <li>An output parameter is a value returned via the <code>return</code> statement.
        <div class='explanation'>
            An output parameters value is returned via the parameter list.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li class='correct'>If a function returns more than one piece of information, you should use reference parameters.</li> 
    <li class='correct'>The Doxygen tag <code>@param[out]</code> indicates that the parameter is an output parameter.</li> 
    <li>You can use the <code>return</code> statement from inside any function to terminate your program.
        <div class='explanation'>
            Use the <code>exit()</code> function to do this.
        </div>
    </li>
    <li>When printing error messages to the screen, you should use the <code>cout</code> object.
        <div class='explanation'>
            This is what the <code>cerr</code> object is for.
        </div>
    </li>
  </ol> 
</div>
</div></li>
</ol>
  <div class='vstreport'></div>
</body></html>
