<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
     <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <title>Interactivities</title> 
    <script type="text/javascript" src="script/horstmann_all_min.js"></script> 
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="css/horstmann_all_min.css"></link>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="assets/receiveMessage.js"></script> 
  <style type='text/css'>
     ol.interactivities > li {
       list-style: none;
       margin-bottom: 2em;
     }
     body {
       margin-left: 2em;
       margin-right: 2em;
       overflow-y: visible;
     }
    </style>
  </head> 
  <body>
   <ol class='interactivities' id='interactivities'>
<li title='7e-exceptions-tf' id='7e-exceptions-tf'><div class='hc-included'>
<div>
  <p>Which of these statements are true?</p> 
  <ol class='horstmann_ma'>
    <li>An uncaught exception in C++ is ignored. 
        <div class='explanation'>If an exception is thrown in C++ but 
            not handled, the <code>unexpected()</code> handler is called, which
            results in program termination.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li class='correct'>If an exception is thrown in a function <code>f()</code>, 
        but not handled there, the exception is sent (or propogated) to the function which 
        called <code>f()</code>.</li> 
    <li>A circumstance in C++ where an exception is thrown must be an error.
        <div class='explanation'>
            The exceptional circumstance is often an error, but this is not required.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li class='correct'>When an event occurs that cannot be managed locally, an exception may be thrown. </li> 
    <li class='correct'>Throwing the exception object transfers control and information 
        generated locally to some calling function which manages the event, or, the 
        program terminates.</li> 
    <li>In C++ an exception object must be derived from the exception class 
        defined in the standard library.
        <div class='explanation'>
            An exception object in C++ can have any type in C++ including built-in types.
        </div>
    </li> 
    <li class='correct'>A program can continue to run after an exception has been thrown and caught.</li> 
  </ol> 
</div>
</div></li>
</ol>
  <div class='vstreport'></div>
</body></html>
